pavatex fibreboard manufactured from by-products
siri in the form of chips the guide to pieces of wood always have in
litigation mainly softwood preferably from the seraglio on his part
the platelets are first studied relative by supply of water vapor under
pressure of 3 goals to 1
we prepare for six crew members
mixed with water up to 90% water
are then placed in tanks to allow optimal agglomeration
on the machines that go to them but then transforms it
it is not necessary and it is important
to add glue
for some specific products
however, it is possible to add ligaments based on resin and
bitumen
but not more than 2% of the mass
after mechanical pressing
which will prevent accumulating much of the water
wood fiber boards
are dried at temperatures anywhere from 160 to 200 degrees
quite produce people around
8 to 30 millimeters
so doing the billboards beauty paying in juxtaposing Iran is in
anger
different panels
with some traces of white glue
they are then cut to size
the insulation need neither reduce and crest
in order to facilitate their
assembly
they are tired
packed up
the steps of his brother on delivery
what is necessary to understand
it is that the wood
by this process
pavatex the wood
break up
only by a process
thermomechanical
we obtain a fiber paste
and then subjected to a source of heat
which makes it possible to obtain the fiber broadband link
which means that those who the kind of processes
the requires the perpetuation of China
so we can see it in this factory
guarantee a product
almost 100%
formed of wood
extremely bloody
the perfectly ecological